W-20429412-FIPS-fa (#628)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Specific Mule views such as the Mule Palette, or the Mule Debugger View can be found in the MuleSoft folder.

== Configure FIPS Compliance in Anypoint Studio

You can configure Anypoint Studio to use FIPS-compliant cryptographic libraries.  
This configuration is required for GovCloud customers and any environment that must comply with FIPS 140-2 standards.

This page explains how to enable FIPS mode in Studio and how to run Mule applications with FIPS-compliant settings.

=== Prerequisites

> To use FIPS mode in Anypoint Studio, ensure the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use FIPS mode in Anypoint Studio, make sure to review these prerequisites:
```

Reviewer: I know it's longer but based on our Style Guide, we can't use "ensure" "following"

* Anypoint Studio *7.23.0*
* Mule runtime *4.9* (LTS) or *4.10* bundled with Studio
* Java *17* configured when using Runtime 4.9 

=== Enable FIPS Mode in Anypoint Studio

After installing Studio, you can enable FIPS mode to ensure both the Mule runtime and the bundled JVM use FIPS-validated cryptographic providers.

=== Enable FIPS Support

. Navigate to *Preferences*. Click on *Anypoint Studio* and then *Runtimes*.
. Select the runtime that you want to configure.
. Select the checkbox *Enable FIPS support in Mule runtime*.

Studio automatically configures all required FIPS components. 

> When you enable FIPS mode, it performs the following:

Reviewer: DITTO
